 This audio is brought to you by Muslim Central.
Please consider donating to help cover our running costs and future projects by visiting www.muslimcentral.com forward slash donate.
Asalaamu alaikum shaykh.
My name is Liban.
I'm a student of knowledge at this moment in time.
My question is, what's the best way to explain the concept of Tawheed, which is the oneness of Allah to a person from a non-Muslim background?
 because I have the question that what is the best way of explaining the concept of Tahi to a person who is a non-Muslim background?
First I'd like to know what is his background?
Is he a Christian?
Is he a Hindu?
Is he a Parthi?
So based on the verse of the Quran of Sura Imran Chapter 3 verse 64 which I'll be dealing tomorrow.
Tomorrow my topic is religion in the right perspective talking about the concept of God in the major world religions.
 Allah says, which is the first term.
That we worship them but Allah.
 that we associate to partners with him.
That we erect not among ourselves, Lord and patron other than Allah.
If then they turn back.
So the best is
 If you want to talk about Tauheed, the concept of God, the best surah is surah class, chapter 112, verse number 1 to 4, which says, which says, which says, which says, which says, which says, which says, which says, which says, which says, which says, which says, which says, which says, which says, which says, which says, which says, which says, which says,
 Any person says, so and so candidate is God, you put your candidate to the test of Surya class.
If he passes, we have no objection accepting him as God.
If he fails, we don't accept him.
And if he is a Bible, then you quote from the Bible.
If he is a Christian, you quote from the Christian the verses of Tahit which I will do tomorrow.
If he is a Hindu, you quote the verses of Tahit from the Vedas, from the Upanishad, from the Bhagavad Gita.
 If he is a Jew, you can quote from the Talmud.
If he is a Parthi, you can quote from the Zell Avesta.
If he is a Sikh, then you quote from Guru Granth Sahib.
And there is another talk I have given, concept of God in the major world religion.
So if you see that video,
 And if it's an atheist, then the talk of mind does God exist.
You see that?
And inshallah, it will give you a great deal of knowledge how to deal with an unmuslim.
